couple after bulgarian for this
account rather it is about
speeches representing in
hungary
Nora Hoffman Kudrin
arrived like arenas but getting experienced
these athletes
other true combination of the xiii century
previous partners
sought
in the first half
rose to the second step of the pedestal
honor our days orsk world
championships 2000 third
there is a fourth years
went to the scene of the partnership
barbarism of successful experience not
So
unfortunately ended and after
after visiting
so injured knee a while
workouts
already at the european championship of 2010 that
concerns
Maxim delivered to the fact that he
and when I went even further partner 2005
year has become
junior world champion
with the Morgan 11 am
do not occupy
you know, I agreed
in the united states of america and in 2010
created by
monument on international
competitions
only a fraction of the contributions were rubbed each
he has to pay for hip injuries
the wish came true
last day
the only Berd
in the press integrity of the country
Maxim delivered his parents
if before that prime parents have
nobody will be him
Elena Garanin will respond at the plant
which the
I also performed internationally
in the cabin office skating
but still for the Soviet Union
family moved to usa kiev 4 years maxim
began to skate
since then can not
stop even if they don't
appeared
seven years
what happened to desire maxim video
perform on provide and
high scores
excellent
last years
Rangers of this case with it
usd obviously better than 30 but her
13 thousand 1 and 13 hundredth points it is very confident
are leading
but in the first couple a warm-up hoffman and this
Turns on if the judge has chances
then to get through
at least 20 ku strongest with this
performance after compulsory dance